The Joe Rogan experience. But as you know,
and as you've talked about extensively, Joe,
this wave of censorship mm-hmm <affirmative>,
that has happened in the last two years since Trump got elected because of
Russian propaganda and fake news hysteria. Yeah.
And it's just propped up these same institutions. Um,
and it's really just gone after a lot of alternative and independent media that
have gone by the wayside. Yeah. Um, and you know,
people who have been propped up by right wing billionaires and billionaires in
general are not going to be affected at the end of the day.
But all of the people who have been caught up in this censorship with the
algorithms, with the deep platforming, um, it's really scary. It's really,
really scary. What's.
It is scary to me because the internet in my eyes is this unique
place where people can get information and distribute information mm-hmm
<affirmative>. And then on top of that,
you have this almost parasitic entity
that is allowing you to distribute information and gather
information through it,
but also controlling the flow of information mm-hmm <affirmative> and then
controlling the flow in its own ideological bend,
like what to,
to sort of match its own ideas of what shouldn't shouldn't happen.
And I think they feel just by having a guy like Trump in office,
having a guy like Trump come into office and then go, well,
we have to do something about that.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna silence, conservative voices.
We're gonna silence conservative pundits. We're gonna silence.
We call people alt right,
and just change our algorithms to make it much more difficult for them to get
propagate for them to propagate their ideas. I,
I just find that really distressing because I think that in the,
the marketplace of ideas,
you you're supposed to be able to combat a bad idea with a better
idea. And this is how we, this is how ideas evolve.
This is how people get to communicate. You get to look at what someone's saying,
look at someone how someone's dissecting, what someone's saying.
And then for yourself, figure out what you believe and what you don't believe.
And there should be a free exchange of information so that you could figure that
out. And when you show,
when someone's shown to be a bad actor or a liar or show have deceptive news,
fake news, whatever you wanna call it. Okay.
Now we know this is a clear example of that.
So now take it with a grain of salt.
Whenever they say anything about anything else,
but when you deplatform them and shove them aside, they say, see,
they're trying to silence us cuz they don't believe us or, or they, they don't,
they don't want us to be in power because they're trying to, you know,
prop up whatever left wing,
socialist economy that or dictator they wanna put into place.
And it's this weird sort of situation where you've got people dictating and
almost engineering our culture, right? Curating.
Our reality.
Yes. You know what's going on in Toronto? No. With alphabet,
the parent company of Google. No,
it's a very disturbing thing to a lot of people where they're essentially
setting up blocks and they're putting cameras in these places and they're
gathering data and information and they're trying to engineer a utopian city.
Yeah. I was reading about it yesterday and I was like, no, <laugh> like,
this is a terrible idea is so fun and terrifying.
What if these people don't wanna be filmed?
What if these people don't want information gathered about them? Like they're,
they're, they're doing it under the guise of here.
It is Alphabet's plan for Toronto. Depends on huge amounts of data. Great.
Yeah. We need more data collection, data.
Mining. Their idea is that they're going to make it easier for people to,
to get around and smoother. But how I dunno by.
Like facial recognition, I love how they always say, oh,
people are being sex trafficked and this will help. It's like, no, dude,
this is like 0, 0, 0 1% of all the people that you're, you know, data mining.
It says sidewalks labs released more detailed plans for Toronto.
The site of Google's sister companies first attempt to bring its techified
digital forward sensibility to a full scale development project.
The sidewalks lab sidewalk labs projects dates to 2017.
When the Canadian city welcomed the company to an undeveloped section of its
waterfront. Now after 18 months of speculation work, oh God,
God these to specially you can work in backlash from local
advocates.
The company has a 1,524 page master plan for the 12,
12 acre lot called quaside. First of all, I hate the name. What is this qua?
What is quaside four volume plan highlights, ambitions,
and sometimes flashy innovations from sidewalk labs,
which is play pledge to spend 1.3 billion on the project. If it goes forward,
the company hopes to construct all the buildings with timber,
which it says is better for the environment.
It also catches fire and build an underground pneummaticd pneumatic tube
system for garbage removal. It wants residents to lean on public transit,
walking and biking rather than personal vehicle goes. Good luck.
It's zero degrees in Toronto and plans to build streets with autonomous
vehicles, perhaps from a sister company, Waymo,
they listen delivery robotsmo do you know what WAMO is? No, no, I don't need,
uh, delivery robots might Trendle down its wide sidewalks.
The strategic use of large, very large umbrella like coverings might be ache,
outdoor spaces comfortable all year round, no small fruit in lake shore,
Canada sidewalks sidewalk wants to designate 20% of its
of the apartments to as affordable and another 20% as middle income.
So they're they're engineering. It's so weird. Yeah. A city. Yeah. Right.
This is by people who are really just openly social justice
warriors. I mean,
these are the people that censored that James de more guy and,
and fired him for having this memo that really kind of discussed women in tech
based on evolutionary biology based on studies. And they,
they said that he was highlighting harmful gender stereotypes, which it,
it's not true. It's not accurate.
If you look at what he actually said and what he actually wrote,
even had a page and a half dedicated in that memo,
trying to come up with strategic ways to encourage women,
to get into technology. The study that, or the,
the paper that James demoour wrote has no relation to the way he's been
framed and the way people talk about him.
This is a direct result of Google and Google's social justice warrior, um,
sort of ethos like the way they operate as a company. Well, Google.
Pretends to be, you know, don't be evil. This is, this seems stop algorithm.
That they don't be evil. They took that down. That which,
why the would you ever, we take that now. They're.
Like, okay, where are evil now? But this,
this just seems like they like plugged in some an algorithm. And they're like,
all right, this is our city now.
Like we they're creating Sims it's but I control, I mean, Google, I,
I agree with David. Pacman's kind of depiction on Google.
I think that they're a giant corporation.
They have billions offoffshore tax havens and they,
they are not liberal. They,
they appear to be liberal because that's capitalism.
You're trying to basically adapt to where society is at.
And you want to pretend like you are socially conscious,
but when you look at their actual policies, they're conservative as. I mean,
they actually fund a lot of crazy like Koch brother, um, Alec,
they fund a, a lot of right- wing organizations,
the Federalist society they've given huge grants to.
So I think that they're kind of playing both sides.
Why deregulation to lobby for kind of the deregulation of their industry.
So I think that all of the perception and the mantra of Google and YouTube and,
you know,
catering to like the social consciousness and you know,
what you're talking about, I think is honestly, just to make more.
Money. Well,
I'm sure they're gonna make more money in the process of doing this,
but the idea that they're gonna engineer a city to me is terrifying.
That's insane. I, I just don't, I don't like it. You know, there was a great,
um, podcast that Sam Harris did with the guy who's explaining, um,
what Google is essentially done and what they've done with data.
The data is essentially a commodity that we didn't know was a commodity.
And we all gave up our rights to this commodity.
And this commodity turns out is worth billions and billions of dollars.
And no one had any idea and they just took it and now they have it and they have
it. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and what are they giving you for this?
Mm <affirmative> they' let you search things. Like,
what are they giving you for this? It lets you use their email. Like it's,
it's kind of crazy. Yeah. They,
they search your email for certain keywords and all of a sudden mm-hmm,
<affirmative>, you know, you're looking for a patio chair. You're like, um,
I'm looking to buy a patio chair and all of a sudden,
your Google mentions to fill the patio chairs.
Cause you sent an email to you really.
Creepy or just talk about something and it just talk about it.
Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Um, my, my guest yesterday, my friend will Harris.
He was talking about, uh, trading in his car and he got a text message,
a text message that said, Hey, I hear you're looking to trade in your car.
He's so, you know, here, here's a,
here's a link as to what you could get for it. And he goes,
I'm not clicking that link,
like a text message with a link showed up on his phone because of something he
was talking about. He wasn't even talking on the phone. That's.
What's crazy's really, really scary. It's insane. Yeah,
no that'ss what is happening terrify.
How does that happen? Does he even know how that happens? Right.
Like if you and I were talking right now and you said, uh,
I need a new laptop and you started getting laptop ads in your Google feed.
What is happening? Mm-hmm <affirmative> is your phone listening to you say that?
Yeah. Yep.
Is that legal? It's like a, no, I mean, it, it Combs through everything. I mean,
that's, what's so scary about.
It. And apple is the best at it in terms of like not giving up your data.
It's one of the reasons why I still use an iPhone and support apple,
apple goes out of their way to not share your data when you use maps.
That's why apple maps suck.
It's one of the reasons why it's not good <laugh> there was a great article that
was written about it. Uh, that called apple maps, the Bing of, uh, of,
of navigation tools. It's like, you know, Bing the,
the search engine mm-hmm <affirmative> who the uses that. I right. I,
I use a windows laptop. I don't use Bing the out here with that. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. Cause Google's better. Right? Right. So you just go automatically use it,
but Google's just no Googles.
I no. And all the going back to this whole like tech censorship thing,
they preemptively change the algorithm.
That's what's so scary to me is that there wasn't even a law, you know,
like China, we are, we all know that chinaens the internet.
We've done the same thing here, but people just think that we still have,
you know, freedom of information that we can all access. All these things. No,
I mean Googled YouTube. I mean, cuz YouTube is owned by Google now,
but they preemptively changed the algorithms.
They backp paged all of this progressive media into pendant media.
So it wasn't just about what they're saying. It's about, I mean this,
this was targeted to basically all extreme views.
Everything that they felt like was too radical. I mean,
going back to the DNA report,
which is where this all started from this kind of conclusive report that they
said these 17 intelligence agencies, you know, here's,
here's all the evidence of how rough colluded and,
and cost the election for Hillary.
They cited my show on breaking on breaking the set that you did it. Yeah.
They said I was part of the conspiracy of Russian Medling.
Did you Russian me? <laugh> Abby, Martin, are you a Russian medaler? I just.
Did. Putin told me to do man. I mean, I'm sorry.
Someone take that, but use it as a snip, but.
In, but in the, in the report it said, um,
she fomented radical discontent. And when you look at what all this is,
sewing discord, all of these, um, you know,
the black box algorithm from Hamilton 68 dashboard like this us government
funded Twitter crawler that just like determines what's Russian
propaganda, what's fake news. And then you have, you know,
Facebook working with the Atlantic council,
which is an organization stacked with literal spooks cops,
CIA heads and defense contractors, UAE, us government. Um,
that's who's like curating our reality now. And it's all about expunging,
the most radical views on the internet to prop up essentially the system and the
establishment. And,
and that's why I know it's not a liberal or conservative thing.
It's literally just extremist thought and radical thought that challenges
the, the status quo, um, because sowing discord just means disagreement.
That's what they said. This was about these websites. So discord Joe,
I mean that,
I thought that was a fundamental thing about American democracy is that you talk
about what we disagree on.
And when you look at what the report says of what breaking the set covered DMT,
you know, I mean that wasn't in the report, you were on there talking about DMT,
but we talked about aliens <laugh> yeah. We talking about who the we wanted.
But as I talked about things like inequality and,
and occupy wall street and Hillary Clinton mm-hmm <affirmative>,
that was all part of this grand conspiracy to so discord on behalf of the
Russian government. So it becomes very comical once you, you know,
kind of poke at the underlying narrative, driving this wave of David,
are you aware.
The.